Adding warning message about openjdk 11 issue on redhat (#4520)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/efm/4/13_troubleshooting.mdx

OpenJDK Runtime Environment (build 1.8.0_191-b12)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 25.191-b12, mixed mode)
```
!!! Note
    There is a temporary issue with OpenJDK version 11 on RHEL and its derivatives. When starting Failover Manager, you may see an error like the following:

    `java.lang.Error: java.io.FileNotFoundException: /usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-11.0.20.0.8-2.el8.x86_64/lib/tzdb.dat (No such file or directory)`

>     If so, the workaround is to manually install the missing package, e.g. `dnf install tzdata-java`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If so, the workaround is to manually install the missing package using the command `sudo dnf install tzdata-java`
```
